{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2867
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\froman\fcharset0 Times-Roman;\f1\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;\f2\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica-Bold;
\f3\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica-Oblique;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red36\green36\blue36;\red21\green21\blue21;\red24\green24\blue24;
\red233\green235\blue249;\red52\green55\blue54;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\cssrgb\c18824\c18824\c18824;\cssrgb\c10588\c10588\c10980;\cssrgb\c12157\c12157\c12157;
\cssrgb\c92941\c93725\c98039;\cssrgb\c26667\c27843\c27451;}
\paperw11900\paperh16840\margl1440\margr1440\vieww11520\viewh8400\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf2 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 Sources\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\fs44 \cf3 \ul \ulc3 \strokec3 CONCRETE AND SPECIFIC LANGUAGE\ulnone \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\fs28 \cf4 \strokec4 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\fs24 \cf3 \cb5 \strokec3 Source guide
\fs28 \cf4 \cb1 \strokec4 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa210\partightenfactor0
\cf4 \cb5 This guide explores the vital distinction between\'a0
\f2\b abstract concepts
\f1\b0 , which are understood through the intellect, and\'a0
\f2\b concrete details
\f1\b0 , which are perceived through the physical senses. The text organises language into a hierarchy known as the\'a0
\f2\b ladder of abstraction
\f1\b0 , illustrating how moving from broad, general categories to specific, individual instances creates more\'a0
\f2\b precise communication
\f1\b0 . By providing contrasting examples of vague and detailed sentences, the author demonstrates that grounded language is essential for\'a0
\f2\b clarity and impact
\f1\b0 \'a0in writing. Ultimately, the source serves as a practical tool for students to transform ambiguous ideas into\'a0
\f2\b vivid, memorable prose
\f1\b0 \'a0that prevents reader misunderstanding.\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\fs24 \cf4 \cb6 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf4 \cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf4 \cb6 \
\
\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf4 \cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\fs28 \cf4 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs44 \cf4 CONCRETE AND SPECIFIC LANGUAGE\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\fs28 \cf4 Effective writers use and mix language at all levels of abstraction, so we must learn to use language on all levels. But first, it's important to understand what is meant by abstract and concrete language and also by general and specific language. In brief, we conceive the abstract though our mental processes and perceive the concrete through our senses.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs44 \cf4 \uc0\u9632 Abstract vs. Concrete Language\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\fs28 \cf4 \
Abstract words refer to intangible qualities, ideas, and concepts. These words indicate things we know only through our intellect, like "truth," "honor," "kindness," and "grace." Concrete words refer to tangible, qualities or characteristics, things we know through our senses. Words and phrases like "102 degrees," "obese Siamese cat," and "deep spruce green" are concrete.\
ABSTRACT: To excel in college, you\'92ll have to work hard. CONCRETE: To excel in college, you\'92ll need to do go to every class; do all your\
reading before you go; write several drafts of each paper; and review your notes for each class weekly.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs44 \cf4 \uc0\u9632 General vs. Specific Language\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\fs28 \cf4 \
General words refer to large classes and broad areas. "Sports teams," "jobs," and "video games" are general terms. Specific words designate particular items or individual cases, so "ISU Bengals," chemistry tutor," and "Halo" are specific terms.\
GENERAL: The student enjoyed the class. SPECIFIC: Kelly enjoyed Professor Sprout's 8:00 a.m. Herbology class.\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs44 \cf4 \uc0\u9632 The Ladder of Abstraction\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\fs28 \cf4 \
Most words do not fall nicely into categories; they\'92re not always either abstract or concrete, general or specific. Moreover, the abstract and general often overlap, as do the concrete and specific. Therefore, it can be easier to classify words by placing them on a scale or continuum: a Ladder of Abstraction. On this scale, we place a word on a higher or lower level of abstraction. The lower on the scale, the more concrete and specific the word is.\
8. food 7. junk food 6. dessert 5. ice cream 4. premium ice cream 3. Ben and Jerry's ice cream 2. Ben and Jerry's Chunky Monkey ice cream 1. a double-scoop waffle cone of Ben and Jerry's Chunky Monkey ice cream\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f3\i \cf4 Last Revised Fall 2016\'a0
\f1\i0 Pocatello REND 323\
ISU Writing Center Student Success Center\
Idaho Falls\
CHE 220\
\
Although abstract discussion can have an important place in college writing, concrete and specific word choices are essential to clear, memorable, and effective communication. Consider the following sentences:\
ABSTRACT: Americans must be willing to protect our freedoms.\
CONCRETE: Voters must be willing to give up some individual protections against wiretapping so that the government can track down terrorists and protect the nation as a whole.\
CONCRETE: Voters must protect their fourth amendment right against illegal searches and seizures by calling or writing their representatives to protest the administration's warrantless wiretapping program.\
Since the writer of the abstract sentence above might very well mean either of the--completely opposite!--ideas below it, the first sentence fails to clearly communicate its meaning. Moreover, most readers have read sentences like this abstract one so many times that they're unlikely to find it interesting or memorable.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs44 \cf4 \uc0\u9632 Practice\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\fs28 \cf4 \
Take each of these general or abstract terms down three levels of abstraction.\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f3\i \cf4 Ex. Junk food Dessert Ice Cream Chunky Monkey\'a0
\f1\i0 1. Students ___________ ___________ ___________ 2. Nature ___________ ___________ ___________ 3. Cars ___________ ___________ ___________\
4. Injustice ___________ ___________ ___________\
5. Healthy ___________ ___________ ___________\
6. Pretty ___________ ___________ ___________\
7. Boring ___________ ___________ ___________\
8. Sports ___________ ___________ ___________\
9. Nice day ___________ ___________ ___________ 10. Work ___________ ___________ ___________\
}